In this exercise we're going to create an
interactive thank you note program.
The program will ask the user to enter the
name of
the gift giver, the present they were
given, how old the
user was on their last birthday, and what
their name is,
and then it's going to print out a thank
you note.
So let's get started.
We'll call this, thanks.py.
So the first thing we're gonna say is what
is the name of the gift giver and
then we get their name in with raw input
and we'll ask what the present was and
we'll ask them how old they were.
You're ready to convert raw input into
int, so we use that function first.
And
then finally we ask, what is your name?
So that we can sign the card.
We'll call that variable yourName.
So then the first thing we're going to do.
Is we'll say.
Then we'll put a blank line, and we'll say
thank you
for the present, and then a period, and a
space,
and then we'll say print, I really like
it.
I'm gonna say, I can't believe.
And then space enclose.
And then say print, I am already.
Here we're gonna convert age to a string.
And a space then say print, it does not
feel like.
Different than being and we'll go on to
the next slide.
Print
string age minus 1, plus, so then we'll
print a blank line.
And we'll say print Sincerely.
Space there doesn't really matter cuz
we're gonna drop down a line.
Put a space and then say print.
Your name.
Okay.
We may have to do some adjustments to the
output.
But the input should be good.
So let's save and run the program and see
how it looks.
So we'll say the gift giver is Aunt Jean.
She gave a sweater.
Age is 13.
Name is Barbara.
So that output looks reasonable.
We can quibble over how the lines
are displayed exactly, but that's besides
the point.
We could put the 12 up on the previous
line.
Or drop being down to the next line,
however we want to do that.
But we'll leave it like it is and you can
adjust it if you want to.
So that wraps up this exercise on using
print and
raw input and we're ready to move on to
the
next chapter where we're going to learn
how to may
decisions in Python using different
variations of the If statement.